DOCS-2192: VVV information about expiration of a gift card transaction (#1322)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-methods/prepaid-cards/gift-cards/how-do-gift-cards-work.md

* Payments done by means of gift cards are processed in [Euros (EUR)](/faq/general/which-currencies-are-supported-by-multisafepay)

* As a rule of thumb, gift cards cannot be used for (partly) paying for an order placed via a post-payment method. Post-payment methods do not allow the use of a gift card by a customer when filling in the payment details (after the order has already been placed). This has to do with the accuracy of the order specifications, needed by the collecting party (e.g. Klarna, Afterpay, etc). Our platform would otherwise interpret the gift card as a discount (which is not present in the shopping cart specification of post-payment methods) and would not reflect the right order information needed, for example, for taxation purposes. However, using gift cards for post-payment can be implemented as an option before placing the order (i.e. on your checkout page, before calling our API). It is the merchant's sole responsibility to enable this feature. Failing to comply with this product rule might result in unexpected errors and unwanted complications.

> * A VVV gift card can sometimes be redeemed with an error. A possible casue for this is a 'system failure' from the issuer of the gift card. If this occurs, the balance of the gift card may appear empty, although the amount will be returned within 24 hours (weekends and holidays can affect this 24 hour period). If the order is completed, while customers are still receiving an error message, please ensure that they wait up to one hour for a confirmation email to prevent a double order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* VVV gift cards can sometimes throw an unexpected error where the gift card's balance appears to be 0. However, the balance is restored within 24 hours (potentially affected by weekends and holidays). This appears to be due to temporary failures in the card issuer's system. If a customer completes an order and receives this error message, ask them to wait for 1 hour for a confirmation email to prevent a double order.
```
